# Capstone-group16
The objective of this project is to plan and develop a sport management system that will keep tabs on athletes, games, and leagues. This will automatically update following each game, making it easy for league administrators to distribute the most recent information to teams and fans. Databases are used to store all collected data. Any league official will be able to update through this program and generate reports after each game week with a simple HCI implementation.

Domestic one day cricket leagues are still functioning on paper-based records in this day and age. We identified a possible solution in order to cut down on the workload for league officials as well as improving the efficiency to distribute information.

3.5 Umbrella Activities 
Umbrella activities are a series of steps that provides our team with the ability to maintain progress, quality, and the changes 
3.5.1 Project management Determining how quickly each project phase should be completed Monitor and review the project's progress at each stage. Managing the quality of work produced in each project phase. At the end of each project phase, review the work completed. 
3.5.2 Risk Management Completing this project may be challenging. The completed project may not meet all the project requirements. 
3.5.3 Software Quality Assurance. It is the process we use to ensure that the system software fulfils the defined quality requirements. This includes user experience, performance, load handling, and capacity, among other things. This method reduces the task at the conclusion of the development phase; we must work as a group to ensure that progress continues. 
3.5.4 Technical reviews Bug test after each phase Correct Logical errors Evaluate quality after each sprint. 
3.5.5 Measurements and matrices Creating product matrices to assist us in delivering applications that meet the needs of stakeholders. 
3.5.6 Software Configuration Management. Using GitHub manage version of application and allow simultaneous feature development. 
3.5.7 Reusability management. Establish reusable project resources. Work product preparation and production. Use google drive to share projects documentation resources. 
3.5.8 Controlling Tools Our application will be created and coded using NetBeans. To create our diagrams, we will use Draw.io. 
3.5.9 Document Preparation and Production It covers all of the tasks that are important to produce work products like models, documentation, logs, forms, and lists. Software Project Tracking and Control We are allowed to keep track of software development through this activity. We work together to develop a software development plan before the actual development begins, and we work off of this plan as we develop. However, once some time has passed, it is important to evaluate the ongoing development to determine what steps must be taken. As a result, this process ensures the quality of the software system. 3.5.10 Assumptions Assumptions must be made in some areas to compromise to ensure our application can be delivered in a timely manner. We lean on the conceptual model established in HCI and develop an application that feels familiar but easy to navigate. Any features we deem not required to solve the problem we established will be left out. The operating system on which the software system will operate has no limitations. Coaches and league officials will log in. 
3.6 Requirements 
3.6.1 Functional Requirements The functional requirements for this product are as follows: Coaches and League officials required to log in. The system should then obtain league information and allow team members, coaches, and fans to get access to that information The system should also allow league directors to modify data, update and distribute data to the system so that team members, coaches, and fans can get access to them. 
3.6.2 Non-functional Requirements Here is the list of non-functional requirements for this project: The application should be able to manage the distribution and modification of league data during the league officials working hours and give access of that data to the users. Once a user's login credentials have been successfully confirmed, the system should immediately provide them access to the application. To reduce user confusion, the system should display team information next to each team name.

3.7 Stakeholders Stakeholders are those who are actively participating in a software project, have the ability to influence it owing to their position, and whose interests may be affected by the project's success or failure [1]. So, for our project the stakeholders that are involved are: League Organizers, Coaches, players and fans.
